md/chicken-and-dumplings.md, before:

# Chicken and Dumplings Soup

## Ingredients

### Dumplings

 - 1⅓ cup flour
 - 2 tsp baking powder
 - ¾ tsp salt
 - ⅔ cup milk
 - 2 tbsp butter, melted

## Instructions

### Base Broth

 1. Melt butter. Cook onions, chilies, salt, and black pepper until browning.

 2. Add garlic and celery. Cook until good browning has developed.

 3. Add water. Simmer strong, covered, for 30 to 60 minutes.

 4. Strain out vegetables from broth. Put broth back in pot and return to a
    gentle simmer.

### Chicken

 1. Preheat oven to 425°F.

 2. Spatchcock chicken, place on rack, and pat dry. Salt.

 3. When oven has preheated, pat chicken dry again. Bake chicken with drip
    tray for 45 minutes until skin is crisp and fat is rendered.

 4. Let chicken cool enough to remove skin (go ahead and eat it, it's
    delicious) and tear the meat off. Reserve, refrigerating if necessary.

### Soup (Part 1)

 1. Add potatoes and herbs to broth. Simmer gently, covered, until potatoes are
    nearly done.

### Dumplings

 1. Combine dry ingredients and whisk. Add butter, slightly cooled. Add milk
    until sufficiently moist, stirring until just combined.

 2. Form into 8 balls.

 3. Let rest 5 - 10 minutes.

### Soup (Part 2)

 1. Once the potatoes are done and the dumplings have started to rest, add the
    chicken meat to the pot and return to a simmer.

 2. Place dumplings in pot and let cook, covered, for 20 minutes.

Commit message:

note on chicken and dumplings

md/chicken-and-dumplings.md, after:

# Chicken and Dumplings Soup

## Ingredients

### Mirepoix

 - 4 tbsp butter
 - 1 large, or 2 medium, sweet onions, roughly chopped
 - 4 to 6 stalks of celery, cleaned and chopped
 - 6 cloves of garlic
 - 2 to 4 dried chilis arbol
 - black pepper
 - salt

### Soup

 - 4 to 8 small white potatos, chopped as desired
 - rosemary, thyme, marjoram, and sage
 - whole chicken

### Dumplings

 - 1⅓ cup flour
 - 2 tsp baking powder
 - ¾ tsp salt
 - ⅔ cup milk
 - 2 tbsp butter, melted

## Instructions

### Base Broth

 1. Melt butter. Cook onions, chilies, salt, and black pepper until browning.

 2. Add garlic and celery. Cook until good browning has developed.

 3. Add water. Simmer strong, covered, for 30 to 60 minutes.

 4. Strain out vegetables from broth. Put broth back in pot and return to a
    gentle simmer.

### Chicken

 1. Preheat oven to 425°F.

 2. Spatchcock chicken, place on rack, and pat dry. Salt.

 3. When oven has preheated, pat chicken dry again. Bake chicken with drip
    tray for 45 minutes until skin is crisp and fat is rendered.

 4. Let chicken cool enough to remove skin (go ahead and eat it, it's
    delicious) and tear the meat off. Reserve, refrigerating if necessary.

### Soup (Part 1)

 1. Add potatoes and herbs to broth. Simmer gently, covered, until potatoes are
    nearly done.

### Dumplings

 1. Combine dry ingredients and whisk. Add butter, slightly cooled. Add milk
    until sufficiently moist, stirring until just combined.

 2. Form into 8 balls.

 3. Let rest 5 - 10 minutes.

### Soup (Part 2)

 1. Once the potatoes are done and the dumplings have started to rest, add the
    chicken meat to the pot and return to a simmer.

 2. Place dumplings in pot and let cook, covered, for 20 minutes.
